Application Connector docs: migration to Asset Store (#3572)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/docs/03-04-metadata-service.md

The Application Registry stores the data of all registered services in:
- Application custom resource (CR), which stores the metadata of the service.
- Docs Topic Custom Resource (CR), which stores the links to API specification, Event catalog and documentation.

> - Upload Service which stores the files containing API specification, Event catalog and documentation in Minio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload Service, which stores the files containing API specification, Event catalog, and documentation in Minio.
```

Reviewer: Shouldn't the Minio bucket be included in the diagram?

> - Upload Service which stores the files containing API specification, Event catalog and documentation in Asset Store's bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload Service which stores the files containing API specification, Event catalog, and documentation in an Asset Store bucket.
```
